CORE-223 - Excluding CP leadership from high latency nodes (#1658)
hazelcast/hz-docs: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/list-of-metrics.adoc

|`cp.session.version`
|count
|Version number of the CP session, basically it shows how many times the session heartbeat is received

> |`cp.session.average.adbdication.time`

Author: I'll leave this as a placeholder for now, but please let me know or update this PR when the new name is decided

|count
|Last log term of this CP group

|`raft.group.leadership.averageTimeMs`
|ms

> |Average time for CP group members to hold the leader role

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|The average time this CP group member has held the leader role for
```
